BLACKPINK Announces Release Date For 2nd Full-Length Album “BORN PINK”
MV/Teaser
Aug 9, 2022
by E. Cha

It’s official: BLACKPINK will be returning with their second studio album in just over a month!

On August 10 at midnight KST, BLACKPINK officially announced that their highly-anticipated comeback would feature a full-length album.

The group’s long-awaited second studio album “BORN PINK” will drop on September 16, just one month after their pre-release single “Pink Venom” (due out on August 19 at 1 p.m. KST).

Check out BLACKPINK’s new teaser poster for “BORN PINK” below!

Following their comeback with “BORN PINK,” BLACKPINK will be kicking off their first world tour in three years this October. Check out their first set of dates and cities for their “BORN PINK” tour here!




VMA predictions 2022: Who will win the nail-biter genre categories?

    Jaime Rodriguez
    Music

    August 9, 2022 3:00PM

normani anitta	
Dennis Leupold; Marco Ovando

The 2022 MTV Video Music Awards are taking place on August 28, so let’s take a look at some of the genre categories to see who’s likely to win one or two moon persons at the end of the month.
Best Pop

As per usual, Best Pop is stacked with hits. However, as big as Ed Sheeran‘s “Shivers” and Lizzo‘s “About Damn Time” are, there’s one hit here that will likely give them a run for their money: Harry Styles‘s “As It Was.” The song is one of two nominated to reach number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 (the other is “About Damn Time”) and is the longest running number-one hit of the year, spending 10 weeks on top. The music video for the song is also acclaimed, and is nominated for a couple technical awards as well. And on top of all of that, Styles’s fan base is massive and will definitely want to give him a VMA of his own after past trophies with One Direction.

SEE2022 VMAs: Nicki Minaj to receive MTV Video Vanguard Award
Best Hip-Hop

This category is tricky. On one hand, if it comes down to the success of the songs, it’ll be a battle between Latto‘s “Big Energy” and Future, Drake and Tems‘s “Wait For U.” However, since the VMAs are fan-voted, you shouldn’t count out Nicki Minaj and Lil Baby. As such, their collab “Do We Have A Problem?” could be the dark horse in this race that many people underestimate. I’ll actually go with “Problem” as my prediction here to spice things up; Minaj is also releasing a new, highly anticipated song soon and is going to receive the Video Vanguard Award as well, which could easily help.
Best R&B

This is one of those cases where the same video would likely win if it were chosen by a panel or by fans. Normani and Cardi B‘s “Wild Side” is just a masterclass, creative and visually stunning, as well as including some top notch choreography. The song is also arguably the biggest hit of the lineup, which always helps get those votes from casual, non-fandom voters. As for possible upsets, there’s The Weeknd, who is obviously the highest-profile crossover star of the lineup and whose “Out of Time” has solid streams. There’s also “No Love” by Summer Walker, Cardi B, and SZA, which could also pose a threat to Normani getting her second VMA in this category.
SEEVMAs 2022: Bad Bunny has made history for Spanish-language artists, and he could do it again
Best K-Pop

Any K-Pop category with BTS in it is pretty much a guaranteed win for the group, so they are surely the front-runners here. However, Lisa from Blackpink had a pretty big year, and her “Lalisa” might’ve made a bit more noise than BTS’s “Yet to Come.” If anyone were to upset, it could very well be her. Don’t count out Seventeen either as they’ve been getting a lot of hype recently because of their newest record “Face the Sun.” That said, BTS have never lost this, so they’re still the very likely winners.

Best Latin

Bad Bunny‘s “Tití Me Preguntó” is a top-10 hit in the US and the biggest hit nominated here. Similarly, Karol G and Becky G‘s “Mamiii” is a top-20 hit and probably the second most successful song in this lineup. However, with such a monumental fan base as well as the hit factor going on for her, Anitta could very well be the one to pick up this moon person for “Envolver.”
PREDICTthe MTV Movie and TV Awards now; change them until winners are announced 


 MTV Video Music Awards 2022 Nominations: Harry Styles, Doja Cat & More Dominate; See List
The nominations for the much-awaited MTV Video Music Awards 2022 were announced on July 26, and fans cheered and rooted for their favourite artists to win.
Written By
Adelle Fernandes
facebook
twitter
MTV Video Music Awards 2022

Image: Instagram/@harrystyles, @dojacat

The nominations for the much-awaited MTV Video Music Awards 2022 were announced on July 26, and fans cheered and rooted for their favourite artists to win. Artists including Jack Harlow, Kendrick Lamar, Lil Nas X, Doja Cat, Harry Styles and others dominated the list, as reported by Deadline, putting them in contention to bag several awards. The MTV Video Music Awards 2022 are scheduled to take place on August 28, and it would be interesting for viewers to see which artistes bag the top honours.
MTV Video Music Awards 2022 nominations
Video of the year

    Doja Cat – “Woman” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records
    Drake ft. Future & Young Thug – “Way 2 Sexy” – OVO/Republic
    Ed Sheeran – “Shivers” – Atlantic Records
    Harry Styles – “As It Was” – Columbia Records
    Lil Nas X, Jack Harlow – “INDUSTRY BABY” – Columbia Records
    Olivia Rodrigo – “brutal” – Geffen Records
    Taylor Swift – “All Too Well” (10 Minute Version) (Taylor’s Version) – Republic Records

Artist of the year

    Bad Bunny – Rimas Entertainment
    Drake – OVO/Republic
    Ed Sheeran – Atlantic Records
    Harry Styles – Columbia Records
    Jack Harlow – Generation Now / Atlantic Records
    Lil Nas X – Columbia Records
    Lizzo – Atlantic Records

Song of the year

    Adele – “Easy On Me” – Columbia Records
    Billie Eilish – “Happier Than Ever” – Darkroom / Interscope Records
    Doja Cat – “Woman” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records
    Elton John & Dua Lipa – “Cold Heart (PNAU Remix)” – EMI / Interscope Records
    Lizzo – “About Damn Time” – Atlantic Records
    The Kid LAROI & Justin Bieber – “STAY” – Columbia Records

Best New Artist

    Baby Keem – Columbia Records
    Dove Cameron – Disruptor Records / Columbia Records
    GAYLE – Atlantic Records / Arthouse Records
    Latto – Streamcut / RCA Records
    Måneskin – Arista Records
    SEVENTEEN – PLEDIS Entertainment/Geffen Records

Push performance of the year

    September 2021: Griff – “One Night” – Warner Records
    October 2021: Remi Wolf – “Sexy Villain” – Island Records
    November 2021: Nessa Barrett – “i hope ur miserable until ur dead” – Warner Records
    December 2021: SEVENTEEN – “Rock With You” – PLEDIS Entertainment / Geffen Records
    January 2021: Mae Muller – “Better Days” – Capitol Records UK
    February 2022: GAYLE – “abcdefu” – Atlantic Records / Arthouse Records
    March 2022: Sheneesa – “R U That” – Rich Immigrants / Interscope Records
    April 2022: Omar Apollo – “Tamagotchi” – Warner Records
    May 2022: Wet Leg – “Chaise Longue” – Domino Recording Company
    June 2022: Muni Long – “Baby Boo” – Supergiant Records LLC / Def Jam Recording
    July 2022: Doechii – “Persuasive” – Top Dog Entertainment / Capitol Records

Bets collaboration

    Drake ft. Future & Young Thug – “Way 2 Sexy” – OVO/Republic
    Elton John & Dua Lipa – “Cold Heart (PNAU Remix)” – EMI / Interscope Records
    Lil Nas X, Jack Harlow – “INDUSTRY BABY” – Columbia Records
    Megan Thee Stallion & Dua Lipa – “Sweetest Pie” – 300 Entertainment
    Post Malone & The Weeknd – “One Right Now” – Mercury Records / Republic Records
    ROSALÍA ft. The Weeknd – “LA FAMA” – Columbia Records
    The Kid LAROI & Justin Bieber – “STAY” – Columbia Records

Best K-POP

    BTS – “Yet To Come (The Most Beautiful Moment)” – BIGHIT Music / Geffen Records
    ITZY – “LOCO” – JYP Entertainment
    LISA – “LALISA” – YG Entertainment / Interscope Records
    SEVENTEEN – “HOT” – PLEDIS Entertainment/Geffen Records
    Stray Kids – “MANIAC” – JYP Entertainment
    TWICE – “The Feels” – JYP Entertainment

Best pop

    Billie Eilish – “Happier Than Ever” – Darkroom / Interscope Records
    Doja Cat – “Woman” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records
    Ed Sheeran – “Shivers” – Atlantic Records
    Harry Styles – “As It Was” – Columbia Records
    Lizzo – “About Damn Time” – Atlantic Records
    Olivia Rodrigo – “traitor” – Geffen Records

Best hip-hop

    Eminem & Snoop Dogg – “From The D 2 The LBC” – Shady / Aftermath / Interscope Records
    Future ft. Drake, Tems – “WAIT FOR U” – Freebandz / Epic Records
    Kendrick Lamar – “N95” – pgLang / Top Dawg Entertainment / Aftermath / Interscope Records
    Latto – “Big Energy” – Streamcut / RCA Records
    Nicki Minaj ft. Lil Baby – “Do We Have A Problem?” – Young Money / Cash Money / Republic Records
    Pusha T – “Diet Coke” – G.O.O.D. Music / Def Jam

Best rock

    Foo Fighters – “Love Dies Young” – RCA Records
    Jack White – “Taking Me Back” – Third Man Records
    Muse – “Won’t Stand Down” – Warner Records
    Red Hot Chili Peppers – “Black Summer” – Warner Records
    Shinedown – “Planet Zero” – Elektra Music Group
    Three Days Grace – “So Called Life” – RCA Records

Best alternative

    Avril Lavigne ft. blackbear – “Love It When You Hate Me” – Elektra Music Group / DTA Records
    Imagine Dragons x JID – “Enemy” – KIDinaKORNER / Interscope Records
    Machine Gun Kelly ft. WILLOW – “emo girl” – Bad Boy / Interscope Records
    Måneskin – “I WANNA BE YOUR SLAVE” – Arista Records
    Panic! At The Disco – “Viva Las Vengeance” – Fueled By Ramen / Elektra Music Group
    Twenty One Pilots  – “Saturday” – Fueled By Ramen / Elektra Music Group
    WILLOW, Avril Lavigne ft. Travis Barker – “G R O W” – MSFTSMusic / Roc Nation Records

Best Latin

    Anitta – “Envolver” – Warner Records
    Bad Bunny – “Tití Me Preguntó” – Rimas Entertainment
    Becky G X KAROL G – “MAMIII” – Kemosabe Records / Sony Music Latin / RCA Records
    Daddy Yankee – “REMIX” – Republic Records
    Farruko – “Pepas” – Sony Music US Latin
    J Balvin & Skrillex – “In Da Getto” – Sueños Globales, LLC /Universal Music Latino / Asylum Records UK

Best R&B

    Alicia Keys – “City of Gods (Part II)” – AKW
    Chlöe – “Have Mercy” – Parkwood Entertainment / Columbia Records
    H.E.R. – “For Anyone” – RCA Records
    Normani ft. Cardi B – “Wild Side” – Keep Cool/RCA Records
    Summer Walker, SZA & Cardi B – “No Love (Extended Version)” – LVRN / Interscope Records
    The Weeknd – “Out Of Time” – XO / Republic Records

Video for good

    Kendrick Lamar – “The Heart Part 5” – pgLang / Top Dawg Entertainment / Aftermath / Interscope Records
    Latto – “P*ssy” – Streamcut / RCA Records
    Lizzo – “About Damn Time” – Atlantic Records
    Rina Sawayama – “This Hell” – Dirty Hit
    Stromae – “Fils de joie” – Mosaert Label / The Darkroom / Interscope Records

Best metaverse performance

    BLACKPINK The Virtual | PUBG – YG Entertainment / Interscope Records
    BTS | Minecraft – BIGHIT Music / Geffen Records
    Charli XCX | Roblox – Atlantic Records
    Justin Bieber – An Interactive Virtual Experience | Wave – Def Jam
    Rift Tour ft. Ariana Grande | Fortnite – Republic Records
    Twenty One Pilots Concert Experience | Roblox – Fueled By Ramen / Elektra Music Group

Best choreography

    BTS – “Permission to Dance” – BIGHIT Music/Geffen Records
    Doja Cat – “Woman” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records
    FKA twigs ft. The Weeknd – “Tears In The Club” – Atlantic Records
    Harry Styles – “As It Was” – Columbia Records
    Lil Nas X, Jack Harlow – “INDUSTRY BABY” – Columbia Records
    Normani ft. Cardi B – “Wild Side” – Keep Cool / RCA Records

Bets long-form video

    Billie Eilish – “Happier Than Ever: A Love Letter to Los Angeles” – Darkroom / Interscope Records
    Foo Fighters – “Studio 666” – RCA Records
    Kacey Musgraves – “star-crossed” – Interscope Records / MCA Nashville
    Madonna – “Madame X” – Interscope Records
    Olivia Rodrigo – “driving home 2 u” – Geffen Records
    Taylor Swift – “All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (Taylor’s Version)” – Republic Records

Best direction

    Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar – “family ties” – Columbia Records
    Billie Eilish – “Happier Than Ever” – Darkroom / Interscope Records
    Ed Sheeran – “Shivers” – Atlantic Records
    Harry Styles – “As It Was” – Columbia Records
    Lil Nas X, Jack Harlow – “INDUSTRY BABY” – Columbia Records
    Taylor Swift – “All Too Well” (10 Minute Version) (Taylor’s Version) – Republic Records

Best art direction

    Adele – “Oh My God” – Columbia Records
    Doja Cat – “Get Into It (Yuh)” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records
    Drake ft. Future & Young Thug – “Way 2 Sexy” – OVO / Republic Records
    Kacey Musgraves – “simple times” – Interscope Records / MCA Nashville
    Lil Nas X, Jack Harlow – “INDUSTRY BABY” – Columbia Records
    Megan Thee Stallion ft. Dua Lipa – “Sweetest Pie” – 300 Entertainment

Best visual effects

    Billie Eilish – “Happier Than Ever” – Darkroom / Interscope Records
    Coldplay X BTS – “My Universe” – Atlantic Records
    Kendrick Lamar – “The Heart Part 5” – pgLang/Top Dawg Entertainment/Aftermath/Interscope Records
    Lil Nas X, Jack Harlow – “INDUSTRY BABY” – Columbia Records
    Megan Thee Stallion & Dua Lipa – “Sweetest Pie” – 300 Entertainment
    The Kid LAROI & Justin Bieber – “STAY” – Columbia Records

Best cinematography

    Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar – “family ties” – Columbia Records
    Camila Cabello ft. Ed Sheeran – “Bam Bam” – Epic Records
    Harry Styles – “As It Was” – Columbia Records
    Kendrick Lamar – “N95” – pgLang / Top Dawg Entertainment / Aftermath / Interscope Records
    Normani ft. Cardi B – “Wild Side” – Keep Cool / RCA Records
    Taylor Swift – “All Too Well” (10 Minute Version) (Taylor’s Version) – Republic Records

Best Editing 

    Baby Keem & Kendrick Lamar – “family ties” – Columbia Records
    Doja Cat – “Get Into It (Yuh)” – Kemosabe Records / RCA Records
    Olivia Rodrigo – “brutal” – Geffen Records
    ROSALÍA – “SAOKO” – Columbia Records
    Taylor Swift – “All Too Well” (10 Minute Version) (Taylor’s Version) – Republic Records
    The Weeknd – “Take My Breath” – XO / Republic Records



Bebe Rexha announces release date for ‘Break My Heart Myself’ remix with K-pop girl group ITZY

It arrives a little over a month since Bebe Rexha previewed the remake on Twitter
By
Gladys Yeo
22nd July 2022
itzy bebe rexha single remix
L-R: ITZY, Bebe Rexha. Credits: JYP Entertainment / GETTY

American singer-songwriter Bebe Rexha has announced a release date for an upcoming remix of ‘Break My Heart Myself’ with K-pop girl group ITZY.

    Read More: ITZY on making their comeback with ‘Checkmate’: “It would be a lie if we said we felt no pressure at all”

Today (July 22), the singer took to Twitter to announce the long-awaited release of a new remix of her 2021 single, set to feature K-pop girl group ITZY, due out on July 29. The announcement also came with a presave link.

Advertisement

Rexha’s announcement of the remix’s release date comes a little over a month since she previewed the track on her Twitter page, where she previewed the opening seconds of the remake.

“Coming soon. #ItzyXBebe #BreakMyHeartMyself,” she tweeted at the tiime. Members of ITZY, Yeji and Ryujin, can be heard in the new clip, though it is currently unclear if the rest of the girl group will be participating in the remix.

Bebe first began hinting at the collaboration last month, after ITZY’s Yeji and Ryujin performed a dance duet to the track on Studio Choom’s MIX & MAX series on YouTube, catching the singer-songwriter’s attention.

“Let’s get @ITZYofficial on the remix of break my heart myself!!!!” she tweeted at the time. Fans of the group later spotted that Bebe’s producer, Jussifer, recently started following ITZY on Instagram, and began speculating that a collaboration was indeed in the works.

Last week, ITZY dropped their first domestic release of the year with their fifth mini-album ‘Checkmate’, led by the title track ‘Sneakers’. In support of the mini-album, ITZY will embark on their first-ever world tour, also titled ‘Checkmate’, later this year.
Advertisement

The tour will kick off with a two-night residency in Seoul this August, after which the girl group will head to North America in October and November.




‘Stranger Things’ season four, volume one soundtrack unveiled

Featuring Kate Bush, Talking Heads and more
By
Elizabeth Aubrey
28th May 2022
Stranger Things
'Stranger Things' season four starts in May CREDIT: Netflix

The soundtrack for the new season of Stranger Things has been unveiled.

The first part of the soundtrack accompanies the first volume of season four, which was released onto Netflix yesterday (May 27). The second volume of the season, and the second part of the soundtrack, will arrive on July 1.

The first part of the collection features tracks from artists including Kate Bush, Journey, Talking Heads and The Cramps.
Advertisement

‘The Complete Stranger Things: Soundtrack From The Netflix Series, Season 4’ (including Volume I and Volume II) will be available to buy on CD and cassette from September 9 and can be pre-ordered here. 2LP 12″ vinyl pressings of the album are also slated for release later this year.

You can listen to the volume and check out the full track list below:

‘Stranger Things: Soundtrack from the Netflix Series, Season 4, Volume I’ – Track list

‘Separate Ways (Worlds Apart)’ (Bryce Miller/Alloy Tracks Remix) – Journey
‘California Dreamin” – The Beach Boys
‘Psycho Killer’ – Talking Heads
‘Running Up That Hill’ – Kate Bush
‘You Spin Me Round (Like a Record)’ – Dead or Alive
‘Chica Mejicanita’ – Mae Arnette
‘Play With Me’ – Extreme
‘Detroit Rock City’ – KISS
‘I Was A Teenage Werewolf’ – The Cramps
‘Pass The Dutchie’ – Musical Youth
‘Wipeout’ – The Surfaris
‘Object Of My Desire’ – Star-point
‘Rock Me Amadeus (The Gold Mix)’ – Falco
‘Travelin’ Man’ – Ricky Nelson
‘Tarzan Boy’ – Baltimora
‘Dream A Little Dream Of Me’ – Ella Fitzgerald & Louis Armstrong

A synopsis for the new season says: “It’s been six months since the Battle of Starcourt, which brought terror and destruction to Hawkins. Struggling with the aftermath, our group of friends are separated for the first time – and navigating the complexities of high school hasn’t made things any easier.

“In this most vulnerable time, a new and horrifying supernatural threat surfaces, presenting a gruesome mystery that, if solved, might finally put an end to the horrors of the Upside Down.”
Advertisement

Show creators The Duffer Brothers confirmed that Stranger Things will end with season five.

Speaking to NME, Matt Duffer said he and Ross have an end in mind for the final bow. “We do have an end. I’m sure a lot of it’s going to change, but now [it’s] the end.

“It’s just one of those things that you come up with and you go, ‘That’s it, that’s right, that’s inevitable – that’s what it has to be.’”


Ariana Grande Wows In Makeup-Free Video Promoting New Beauty Collection


    Sammi Burke
    Jul 27, 2022

Ariana Grande posted an Instagram Reel early Wednesday morning to show off one of the new additions to her makeup brand, R.E.M. Beauty.

The newest products are part of the line’s upcoming fourth chapter.

The pop star starts off the clip with a natural, makeup-free look (which is still flawless) as she shows off a tiny jar containing her shade of the new cream “sweetener” concealer, which will be available in 60 different natural shades, plus two artistry shades of black and white.

Related: Meet the Luxury Real Estate Agent Making Ariana Grande Feel at Home—Her New Husband, Dalton Gomez!

Grande then dabs the product onto her under eyes with a cotton ball. In a voiceover, she shares that she’s been using the concealer in secret for a year now, and that it’s the first product to feature their “R.E.M. hydrasmooth essence,” which includes hyaluronic acid, raspberry leaf extract, ashwagandha, and vitamin E. “I like knowing that it’s hydrating and nourishing my skin while I’m wearing it,” she notes. “A little goes a long way—the coverage is really impressive.”


By the time the video ends, Ari has completed a full-face look, possibly teasing more of the collection.

Meanwhile, the brand’s account has been teasing the concealer for a few days, and fans are psyched about the expansive release.

“Shades for days. Can’t wait,” wrote one.

“It’s the 60 shades off the bat for me! Let’s go inclusion for all the different skin tones >>>> !!!!!” said another.

“These products are out of this world. Thank you so much for making them” 

And the positive commentary goes on. In less than an hour, the video had racked up almost 400 thousand likes. The “out of body” chapter, including the concealer from the video, drops on rembeauty.com at 6 am PST Thursday, July 28th.



Singer Kate Bush earned $2.3 million after "Stranger Things" popularized "Running Up That Hill"
moneywatch

By Aimee Picchi

July 1, 2022 / 2:41 PM / MoneyWatch


Singer Kate Bush has garnered legions of new fans thanks to Netflix's "Stranger Things" tapping her 1985 hit "Running Up That Hill" as a talismanic song for the character Max Mayfield. 

It's also brought her a financial windfall, delivering about $2.3 million in streaming royalties in the month since the show's latest season was released, according to Luminate, which was formerly known as Nielsen Soundscan. Because she owns the copyright to her recordings, she's likely keeping the bulk of that money, according to music industry publication Music Business Worldwide.

Bush noted in a June 17 blog post that the resurgence of the haunting song had put it "on top of that hill" and that its swift climb felt "driven along by a kind of elemental force." It's an unusual twist in the career of a musician who garnered critical acclaim but who hadn't scored a top 10 hit in the U.S. — until this year, 37 years after "Running Up That Hill" was first released. 

"While we've seen a notable increase in catalogue music streams in recent years — with an annual 20% growth alone in 2021— the Kate Bush story has taken the phenomenon to a new level," said Rob Jonas, the CEO of Luminate, in a statement to CBS MoneyWatch.

"Running Up That Hill" has become the most streamed song both in the U.S. and globally, he added. The $2.3 million in streaming royalties were generated between May 27 and June 23, although it's likely that the song will continue to earn more, given that new episodes of the show were released on Friday, July 1, which could spark ongoing interest in Bush's music. 

"I just can't believe it — No. 1 for the third week," Bush wrote in a blog post on Friday. "In fact it's all starting to feel a bit surreal."

Bush didn't immediately return a request for comment from CBS MoneyWatch. 

Bush is unusual in the recording industry because she owns the copyright to her recordings, according to Music Business Worldwide. Because of that, she is likely keeping 80% or more of recorded music royalties generated by her recording masters, it noted.



Taylor Swift Said She’d Never Heard Of 3LW Until Her Song “Shake It Off” Got Sued For Plagiarism

"The first time I ever heard the song was after this claim was made.”
Morgan Murrell
by Morgan Murrell

BuzzFeed Staff

In a sworn declaration filed on Monday, Taylor Swift defended herself as the sole writer of her 2014 hit "Shake It Off" in response to a lawsuit claiming she plagiarized some of the lyrics.
A closeup of Taylor in a velvet pantsuit
Dimitrios Kambouris / Getty Images

Songwriters Sean Hall and Nathan Butler filed the lawsuit in 2017, accusing Taylor of copying lyrics from 3LW's 2000 hit "Playas Gon' Play," which they wrote.
Gregg Deguire / WireImage / Getty Images

For those who don't know, 3LW is a former R&B group consisting of Adrienne Bailon (The Real), Kiely Williams (The Cheetah Girls), and Naturi Naughton (Power).

“The lyrics to 'Shake It Off' were written entirely by me,” Taylor stated on Monday, according to the Guardian. “Until learning about Plaintiffs’ claim in 2017, I had never heard the song 'Playas Gon’ Play' and had never heard of that song or the group 3LW.”

Sean and Nathan cited an extreme similarity between 3LW's lyric "playas they gon' play and haters they gonna hate" and Taylor's lyric "playas gonna play, play, play, play, and the haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate."
UMG

Later in her motion, Taylor said that her inspiration for writing "Shake It Off" came from "unrelenting public scrutiny" of her personal life, "clickbait reporting, public manipulation," and other negativity that forced her to ignore the criticism and focus on her music.
Taylor reiterated that she'd never heard of 3LW by announcing she wasn't allowed to watch TRL until she was 13. She also said she'd never heard "Playas Gon' Play" on the radio, TV, or in film. According to Taylor, the first time she heard the song was after the plagiarism claim was made.
SME

For anyone unfamiliar with TRL or Total Request Live, it was a music countdown show on MTV that ran from 1998–2008.
Although the lawsuit was originally dismissed in 2018, it was later appealed in 2021, with a judge deciding there was "enough objective similarities." 







Beyoncé charts all 16 songs from her new album Renaissance on the latest Billboard Hot 100 (dated Aug. 13).

The LP launches as the superstar’s seventh No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart, with 332,000 equivalent album units earned in the July 29-Aug. 4 tracking week, according to Luminate. The set scores the second-largest weekly total for an album this year, after the opening week of Harry Styles’ Harry’s House (521,000) in June. It’s also the first album released by a woman in 2022 to rule the chart.

Leading Beyoncé’s total on the Hot 100 is the album’s single, “Break My Soul,” which jumps 6-1, becoming her eighth solo No. 1. She had last led in a lead role with “Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)” in 2008-09.

Related
Beyoncé
Beyonce's 'Break My Soul' Soars to No. 1 on Billboard Hot 100
08/08/2022
Explore
Beyoncé

See latest videos, charts and news

Here’s a recap of Beyoncé’s entries on the newest Hot 100. (All are debuts except for “Break My Soul.”)

Rank, Title

    No. 1, “Break My Soul” (up from No. 6; first week at No. 1)
    No. 13, “Cuff It”
    No. 19, “Alien Superstar”
    No. 22, “Church Girl”
    No. 26, “I’m That Girl”
    No. 27, “Energy,” feat. BEAM
    No. 30, “Cozy”
    No. 41, “Plastic Off the Sofa”
    No. 43, “Virgo’s Groove”
    No. 47, “Summer Renaissance”
    No. 51, “Heated”
    No. 53, “Thique”
    No. 55, “Move,” feat. Grace Jones & Tems
    No. 64, “Pure/Honey”
    No. 69, “America Has a Problem”
    No. 70, “All Up in Your Mind”

With 15 debuts, Beyoncé ups her career total to 81 solo Hot 100 entries, dating to her first, her featured turn on Jay-Z’s “’03 Bonnie & Clyde,” which debuted on the Oct. 26, 2002-dated list and reached No. 4 that December. She followed with her first charted hit as a lead, “Crazy in Love” (featuring Jay-Z), which reigned for eight weeks beginning in July 2003.

Beyoncé passes Aretha Franklin (73) and Ariana Grande (70) for the third-most Hot 100 entries among solo women in the chart’s 64-year history, after Taylor Swift (168) and Nicki Minaj (123). Drake leads all acts with 276. (As a member of Destiny’s Child, she earned 14 entries from 1997 to 2005.)

Additionally, Beyoncé has now earned 47 solo top 40 Hot 100 hits. That’s the fifth-most of among solo women, after Taylor Swift (86), Nicki Minaj (64), Rihanna (51) and Madonna (49).

With 16 entries on the Hot 100 in 2022 alone, Beyoncé claims the most this year among women. Bad Bunny and Future are tied for the most among all acts, with 24 apiece.

Meanwhile, thanks to her feature on “Move,” Grace Jones appears on the Hot 100 for the first time in over 35 years, dating to “I’m Not Perfect (But I’m Perfect for You)” in 1987 (No. 69 peak). Before that, the singer/model/actress sent two songs onto the chart in 1977: “Sorry”/”That’s the Trouble” (No. 71) and “I Need a Man” (No. 83). “Move” is now her highest charting entry. On Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, Jones has notched two top 10s: “Pull Up to the Bumper” (No. 5, 1981) and “I’m Not Perfect” (No. 9, 1987). She was also a staple on Billboard‘s dance charts from the late ’70s through the ’80s, with further appearances into the 2000s.






HYBE confirms more concerts of BTS for a world tour this 2022
by Derwyns
July 4, 2022
Reading Time: 1 min read

From 2020 and 2021, BTS put on a big show, which was dominated by their virtual concerts through social media, and it was not as exciting as expected, HYBE conference is planning face-to-face events with the idea of increasing revenue and facilitating communication between fans, said HYBE executive, for the group’s future plans.

BTS wholeheartedly wishes to continue their exciting Map of the soul tour, although the pandemic really affected the group so much that it was canceled since 2020, according to the members’ report, in several interviews, and with the desire to sing again, they agreed that they will soon return to the stage in South Korea and overseas.

HYBE confirms that RM, Jin, Suga, J-Hope, Jimin, V and Jungkook will be available and willing to fulfill their overseas tour, planning additional shows, in which we will update them with more details, said and advised by the corporation’s spokesperson.

BTS speculate that this 2022, they will complete their world tour, given with the seven members, they will include several continents, as officially announced among countries such as: United States, Japan, Australia, Spain, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Mexico, Brazil, Chile and many more. Do you think BTS will fulfill their 2022 tour?



BLACKPINK's Lisa makes history with her nomination at the MTV Video Music Awards 2022


Blackpink Lisa has once again made history at the 2022’s MTV VMAs awards as the first ever k-pop soloist to get nominated at the MTV Video Music Awards.

The 25-year-old Thai rapper made her solo debut with the single album Lalisa on September 10, 2021. Within the first 24 hours, her debut album title track became the most watched video by a soloist garnering 73.6 million views, breaking the previous record of Taylor Swift’s Me! which had got 65.2 million views in the first 24 hours.

Blackpink Lisa’s Billboard Hot 100 charter single Lalisa has now marked history as it got nominated in the MTV VMAs Best k-pop category along with BTS’ Yet To Come, Seventeen’s Hot, Stray Kids‘ Maniac, Twice’s The Feels, and ITZY’s Loco.





Sabrina Carpenter's New Album 'Emails I Can't Send': Release Date, Tracklist & More

12 July 2022, 16:27
Sabrina Carpenter is about to drop her fifth album
By Savannah Roberts

Sabrina Carpenter has been slaving away at new music for some time now – and the wait is nearly over, her album is just around the corner!

The 23-year-old star began teasing an LP last year before announcing on July 1 that her fifth studio record will be titled 'emails i can't send'.

Why Everyone Is Losing It Over This Sabrina Carpenter Song

As the former Disney darling gears up for the release of her project, she released it's third single 'Vicious', marking a departure from her previous works with an edgier sound.

Sabrina will be dropping her fifth album 'emails i can't send' on July 15 – so not long to go at all!

The Tall Girl actress announced the album's release with a sweet post on Instagram, she wrote: "MY NEW ALBUM ‘emails i can’t send’ IS OUT JULY 15th.

"thank u for being patient with me. i think it’s worth the wait," she shared with her 27.4 million followers, referencing the three-year wait between her last two albums.


Shortly after the SC5 announcement, the 23-year-old powerhouse released the tracklist for the highly-awaited album – fans were elated to find out they will be treated to 13 songs!

Fans will already recognise the likes of 'skinny dipping' and 'Fast Times', both of which were released before 'emails i can't send' was announced.

However, Sabrina's 2021 song 'Skin' does not feature on the album and remains as a stand-alone single.

    'emails i can't send'
    'Vicious'
    'Read your Mind'
    'Tornado Warnings'
    'because i liked a boy'
    'Already Over'
    'how many things'
    'bet u wanna'
    'Nonsense'
    'Fast Times'
    'skinny dipping'
    'Bad for Business'
    'decode'

Sabrina announced her 'emails i can't send' tracklist in July

What has Sabrina Carpenter said about her new album?

Back in September 2021, Sabrina spoke to Teen Vogue about the long-teased project, she revealed: “This was finally the album where I got to just have fun and f*** around and not take everything so seriously."

She spoke about her new sense of control where it comes to her musical material, saying: “It was completely and entirely just me steering the ship.”

The multi-talented star chatted about her approach to 'emails i can't send', telling the publication that she tried to write organically without thinking about it's critical response.

Carpenter said: “I think a huge thing that I set out to do when I started writing my next album in general was the fact that I was like, ‘If I start getting in my head about when people hear it and what they think about it, I’m not gonna be honest, I’m genuinely just not gonna write what I actually wanna write.'"

And we can't wait to hear it!







View Tweet
Fans say Lisa’s impact remains ‘unmatched’

Blackpink Lisa’s impact remains unmatched not just in k-pop but more so globally as the Money crooner continues to establish new records right from her debut.

Speaking of the singer’s global domination, a fan gushed, “For the first time in history, a Kpop soloist has been nominated at the VMAs. LISA continues to make history.”

A second fan manifested seeing Lisa’s another banger song on MTV VMAs live performance saying, “Imagine Lisa performing a rock version of “MONEY” in this year’s VMAs.”

“Lalisa getting nominated for a VMA is not surprising, an underrated bop and excellent video finally getting the justice it deserves. I’m so proud,” another tweet read.

View Tweet

Summarizing the fandom’s feelings, a user wrote, “#LISA’s impact is unmatched! Queen Lalisa is taking over the world. Congratulations on VMAs nominations.”

View Tweet
Blackpink all set for Ready For Love

After two years of wait, Blackpink is releasing a new song Ready For Love right before releasing their new album. The upcoming track of Blackpink will be dropping on July 29th at 1 PM KST/ 12 AM ET/ 9.30 AM IST/ 5 AM BST.